updating docs to drop using `--wipe` flag (#440)
restatedev/documentation: docs/develop/local_dev.mdx

<details>
    <summary> Wiping Restate </summary>

>     To start the Restate Server from a clean slate, stop the server then wipe ongoing invocations and K/V state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To start the Restate Server from a clean slate, stop the server and then delete the data directory:
```

    ```shell

>     rm -rf <BASE_DIR>/${HOST}

Reviewer: Maybe replace `${HOST}` with `<NODE_NAME>`. By default `<NODE_NAME> == ${HOST}` but one can configure it to something else.

    [Cancel](/operate/invocation#cancelling-invocations) a single invocation or a batch of invocations.
    Use `--kill` to [kill](/operate/invocation#killing-invocations) the invocation.

>     To remove all invocations, stop the server then do `rm -rf <BASE_DIR>/<NODE_NAME>`.

Reviewer: Maybe we should state that this deletes all state/data of the Restate server.
